Good afternoon everyone and welcome to yet another powerful Sunday service here in First Love Church London.
Thank you to everybody who's tuning in.
Your life will surely be blessed and transformed as you tune in to today's service.
You can expect to be blessed by powerful ministrations from the Greater Love Gospel Choir, the Dancing Stars and Song Ministrations and First Lovers will come to testify about the great things that God is doing in their lives.
Of course, we have our very own pastor, none other than Bishop Richard Iey to share the powerful Word of God with us today.
This year we have heard many powerful messages and today will surely be another one and I am sure that your life will be blessed and transformed as you listen to the life-changing Word of God.
I am so excited to hear today's preaching and the message and to hear what God has prepared in store for us today and I'm sure that you're just as excited as I am.
So without much further ado, I would love to welcome you to First Love Church London.
Are you ready for us coming next?
Do you know what time it is?
It's testimony time.
The Bible says
in the book of Exodus chapter 14 verse 14 that the Lord shall fight for you and you shall hold your peace.
That means that when God is fighting for you, you don't need to do anything else.
You just need to let him fight for you.
So we want to hear some testimonies from some people who have had God fighting for them.
So please put your hands together and let's welcome our brother Albert to share a powerful testimony.
Albert.
Wow.
Albert, tell us your name.
Well, obviously it's Albert, but tell us who you are and what you do in church.
Hi guys, my name is Albert.
I'm part of the worship stars.
And I'm also part of the Croydon Centre.
Wow.
So Albert, what is your testimony about today?
My testimony is about how God favoured me and gave me a new job.
Wow.
He said God favoured him and gave him a new job.
So where does your testimony begin?
So it all begins in September.
So I recently graduated.
So I was looking for a job.
This is September last year, not future.
Yes.
I was applying for many jobs and going to interviews, but the same word I used to hear was like, you are not experienced.
So they kept telling you over and over again that you don't have enough experience for the role that you were applying for.
How many of you have had that happen to you before?
Yeah, it's a common problem.
So what happened after that?
So what happened after that was talking to one of my friends in church, Chukes.
Wow, he said he was talking to Brother Chooks in the church.
And what advice did Chooks give you?
So we were talking and he told me to consider asking about God to give me, favor me in everything that I'm doing.
So he advised me of using faith digital.
So I don't know what you guys know about.
Yeah.
So he said that his friend Chooks in church advised him that he should pray for divine favor and that he should use, there's a website called Faith Digital or a YouTube channel called Faith Digital where they post prophets prayers that you can use to pray along with, correct?
Yes.
So use that to pray for divine favor.
And then what happens?
So I used it.
And I think the following week, I got a job.
Wow.
So just like that, after praying for Divine Baby, you got a job.
I think you should clap before Jesus.
And you should make sure that you have good Christian friends.
So that's not the end of the testimony.
Wait, there's a small plot twist.
So what happened next?
So I started working at this new place and for a few months,
but what happened is that the place has to close down.
Oh.
So your company that you had just started working at closed down, why did it close down?
It closed down because it was struggling financially.
Oh.
So, yeah, it was a clinic, a dental clinic, so it closed down.
So you had to stop working there.
So what happened after that?
So what happened after was that I started looking for job and asking for counseling with my pastor, my center leader, Sehuah,
and all my friends I go and all of them were there to encourage me and I applied for a new job so when I applied for the job I had like three stages and at my final stage I had to do an assessment which was about something that I've never done I've done like long time ago in uni
So I didn't know how to, I didn't have like the idea about how to follow the procedures.
So I just prepared myself.
And before that I went, before going to the interview, I prayed again and used the FIBA prayer again.
Wow, so the same prayer I used it to fight for you?
Yes.
And what happened when you went for the interview?
So I went to the interview and I had an hour to do the assessment.
So I started the assessment and
I focused on the difficult ones, so I was doing it.
And I got midway and I was really struggling.
So he was struggling.
We're working at the time at all.
And then what happened?
The guy that was assessing me was looking at me.
I was really nervous.
And then he came and was like, Albert, don't worry.
You got the job.
Wow.
So just like that, he said that you got the job.
That's really famous.
I think you should put your hands together for God.
So Albert, what would you like to tell the rest of the church today?
I want to tell everyone to always consider putting God first in everything that you're doing because you always have to remember that God is always on your side and he will never leave you so lean on God, listen to Bishop preaching is always there to encourage you to make you stronger in situations like this because I feel like
this was a situation to humble me and also to build up my faith.
Amen.
So yeah, I just want to encourage everyone to do it first.
Clap for Albert for sharing such a powerful testimony.
The Bible says that God will never leave you nor forsake you.
Do you believe it?
Do you want to hear more testimonies?
Then please put your hands together and let's welcome our sister Olivia to share a powerful testimony.
Olivia, please tell us who you are and what you do in church.
My name is Olivia and I'm part of the Grey Love Choir.
And what's your testimony about today?
My testimony is about how God turned my morning into dancing.
Wow, she said that God turned her morning.
How many of you remember that prophecy from the beginning of the year that God would turn your morning into dancing?
So why were you mourning?
What was the problem?
Okay, so basically in September last year, I was looking for a job, like a job in a law firm.
So I was studying law, but it's really difficult to get like law-based jobs.
So I applied for a job as a receptionist and when I went for the interview, the lady said that she thought that I was better than a receptionist and she asked me to be a case worker, which is better than being a receptionist.
So I started doing that job and it was difficult because it was something that I wasn't qualified for.
I hadn't even finished my law degree.
I wasn't qualified to, I was basically doing the same work as a slister, so it was very challenging.
So she gave you a job that was higher than anything you had ever done before?
Yeah, much higher than anything I'd ever done before.
So yeah, I was working that job, and then a couple, like about a month ago, I felt sick, so I told my boss, and then the first time she was like, okay, fine, and then the second time I was sick again, and I told her that I was sick, and then she was like, oh, God, she sent me a message saying that
case workers need to earn three times their salary and in order to earn your salary you need to be in the office blah blah blah and I was like I got scared so I was like okay I need to go to the doctors to make sure that I have like cover for why I'm ill so I went to the doctors and they said that I wasn't fit to work for two weeks so I said okay um so I sent them I said okay um I sent that note to my to my boss and she sent me back a termination of employment so instead of
Giving you sickly if she fired you.
Is that what you're saying?
It's not even allowed, I'm not sure.
It's like it's not allowed.
Okay.
So what happened to you Olivia?
So obviously I was very confused because when I went to the doctors to be honest I felt sick but
I didn't know that I needed two weeks off of work.
So I was feeling a bit bad.
I was like, oh, have I done too much?
Like, did I need to ask her for that two weeks?
I was feeling a bit depressed, but I went for intimate counseling.
And they just said that I should try and see if I can just make amends with her.
But that didn't work.
She wasn't budging at all.
She wasn't having it at all.
Like, every time I speak to her, she'll just shout at me about how she doesn't want people like that that are going to be taking time off just because they're sick.
She expects me to be here, even if I'm dying.
She expects me to be here.
Like, she actually said that to me.
Can you believe it?
Don't believe it.
So I was just a bit depressed.
I was like, what do I do?
So that happened.
So then the advice was that I should start applying for a job straight away.
So I was applying for so many jobs.
I was applying for like 50 jobs a day because I needed a job.
I didn't expect to be fired so I was applying for a job.
So on a Friday I applied for a job.
and on the same day they emailed me saying okay when can you come in for an interview and they asked me to come in for a Wednesday so I went in and then when I went in the interview I basically just told them what I had done at my job and they really were very impressed because it was like I was doing more than the normal person would do so I told them what I was doing and then they said I should come back for another interview.
They sent me an email after that and said that
They said that, oh, we really liked you.
If you could come back again, and then we want to offer you the job on Monday.
So it's like they kind of offered me the job, but they said I had to come for the next stage.
So I went for the next stage.
And then I got there early.
And then when I got there, the interview lasted like five minutes, and they just gave me the job straight away.
Wow.
So out of nowhere, they gave you the job.
So a job that you had been fired from, that you weren't qualified for, they were so impressed by it that they gave you a new job.
Yeah.
And was this job better than your old job?
This job is so, so much nicer.
The location is better.
The pay is more.
Everything is better.
And you don't have a bad boss anymore.
No, my boss is so nice.
Wonderful.
So what would you like to tell the rest of the church today?
Just to trust in God, even when things are looking like a disaster and you think that is your fault.
Just always trusting God and keep on working for Him and serving Him, no matter how bad things look.
Amen.
Put your hands together.
together for a wonderful testimony.
Would you like to hear one more testimony?
I think you want to hear one more testimony.
Please put your hands together and let's welcome our sister Diana to share the
Tell us who you are and what your testimony is about today.
Hi everybody, my name is Diana.
I'm from the worship stars.
And in Tottenham Center.
Wow.
And what's your testimony about today?
So my testimony is about how God delivered me from an impossible situation.
Powerful.
So what was the impossible situation?
So in September time,
I bought a train ticket.
I bought the wrong train ticket, basically.
And the...
It can happen, right?
Why are you laughing?
It happens.
Yeah.
And the ticket inspector, he wasn't having it.
He was like, no, I'm sorry.
And he took all my details down, because he wasn't believing my story.
So then in January, a few months later, I got a letter saying, oh, can we have your side of the story?
So then I told him.
And two weeks later,
They sent me another letter saying, come to court.
So they sent you a letter saying they want to hear what happened when you bought the wrong ticket.
And then two weeks later, you've got another letter saying that you should come to court.
Yeah, they were like, you need to either plead guilty or plead not guilty.
But if I plead not guilty, I will still lose because I'm going against the state.
It's not just
like a random company.
So are you understanding the impossible situation?
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Because you're laughing.
It's a very serious situation.
She said that she bought the wrong train ticket and then she got a letter to appear in court with three options to plead not guilty, to plead guilty, and then to plead one.
Guilty.
Guilty twice.
Okay.
So what did you do after that?
So first of all, I cried for quite a while.
I said, mercy.
My life is finished because I studied law.
I want to go into law in the future.
And they're not going to hire a criminal.
So I was very scared.
And I thought, OK, let me try handle the situation and take it to God.
So I was praying and praying and praying.
But the situation wasn't getting any better.
I was trying to handle it on my own, basically.
I said, there's no point in telling anybody because if I tell them, then it's embarrassing.
It won't be solved, basically.
So then Bishop was.
At the end of the service, Bishop was praying and he said that God should deliver us from all evil.
So I began to pray that prayer point and then after service I said, okay, let me go to intimate counseling and I spoke to a few people and they helped me.
They said, we're going to see how we're going to deal with your case because we're in a mega church and somebody here does law.
So there was somebody there that did law.
Wow, benefits of a mega church.
Yeah, she began to help me, and she also gave me a prayer point, Malachi 311, that says, I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground.
So I was praying that point, praying that point.
So then a few days later, she contacted me and said, OK, this is going to happen.
The lawyer cost 700 pounds.
The fine is 135 pounds.
I said mercy.
So the advice was to take her lawyer and go to court.
Yes, that's the only way to, that's the only way.
So I began to cry again.
As you do?
As you do.
And then I stopped crying and I said, no, like there's a way out of this.
I have to pray.
So I prayed and prayed and prayed.
And then I called up a clerk in the courts and I said, please can I speak to the lady that's in charge?
He said she's not around.
I begged for like five minutes.
He said, okay, that's fine.
Let me see how I, let me see how I can help you.
And then I told him my situation, and he said, yeah, sorry, there's nothing I can do for you.
And I was like, oh, mercy.
Again.
And then he came back five minutes later and said, you know what?
The case has canceled.
Wow.
Everything was saying.
I think you should put your hands together for God.
So he came and said that you don't have to do anything again.
He cleared the whole case.
Out of nowhere.
Just canceled it.
Wow.
Do you believe that God
delivered you from the situation.
It can only be God.
It was only God.
I fully believe it was only God.
So what would you like to tell everyone here today?
I'd like to tell everybody that please don't try and handle situations on your own like trust in the counsellors like in the multitude of counsellors there is safety and also any situation you're going through God can deliver you a hundred percent.
Amen.
Give a louder amen for that powerful testimony.
I believe that God will deliver you from your own impossible situation too.
Put your hands together.
Are you clapping?
Start clapping.
And let's welcome the Greater Love Gospel Choir.
shine.
I think that was educated.
Don't you agree?
So I would say let's point him, but we've come to the most important time of the service.
Amen.
How many of you are excited to be at the faith encounter service?
Are you sure?
I don't feel your joy, your happiness, your zeal.
Okay, I'm feeling it more.
I'm feeling it more.
Do you know, the Bible says in Psalms 100 and 19 verse nine, it says, where with all shall a young man cleanse his way?
How many of you know that some of your ways need to be cleansed?
You need a helping hand to enter into real Christianity.
Amen.
And it says by taking heed to the word of God,
So as we're about to receive the word of God, I believe that your life is about to change permanently.
If you believe it, say yeah.
And with a shout unto God and a round of applause, I want you to welcome our pastor, Bishop Richard Iey.
I expect a miracle today.
Nothing is impossible to those who believe and say.
Come on, sing it.
Sing to Jesus.
It will be possible for you today.
I believe.
Those are the back, you're not singing, sing.
Everybody in this room one more time.
Yes.
There will be miracles.
Declare it, I believe.
Thank you Jesus.
Lift up your two hands and thank God for being in church and being in his presence.
Let's say thank you to him all over this place.
Just lift up your two hands, everybody, from the back to the front.
Let's pray.
Let's thank him.
Thank you for the blessed opportunity to be in church, to be in his presence.
Pray for the Holy Spirit to speak to you, to guide you, to help you, to hear the word of God, to receive the word of God.
to be blessed by the word of god pray to him pray to him thank you Jesus thank you Jesus thank you lord for your great blessing your great messes thank you father pray for yourself praying for yourself the lord open my eyes open my ears let me hear let me receive thank you father
Father, we bless your great and precious name.
We adore you, we worship you, we pray, let your will be done.
Let the Holy Spirit be present with each and every one of us.
To speak to us.
To direct us.
To help us.
Give us understanding hearts.
And give us hearing ears, O God.
Thank you, Father, for the blessing and the privilege of hearing your word.
receiving your word.
I give you thanks.
I give you praise for another blessed time in your presence.
Heal our diseases Lord.
Heal us Lord.
Save us.
Deliver us Lord.
Thank you for your blessing.
In Jesus' name and everybody said amen.
Amen.
God bless you.
Today your amen is good.
Take your seats.
Wow.
Psalm 95.
This room is supposed to be the dark room.
This is the dark place.
God forbid.
We reject those words.
Okay.
Can someone help me move right under the sun?
I need some sun.
OK. Beautiful.
OK. Friends of mine, OK.
I think they just like your name.
That's all.
That's what it is.
It's your name.
Sam 95.
Have you found Sam 95?
Do you have Sam 95 in your Bible?
Do you have a Bible?
Every Christian ought to have a Bible.
And every Christian ought to read his Bible.
So Psalm 95, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.
And we are continuing sharing on God's sheep.
So Psalm 95 verse 7 says that for he is our God.
And we are the people of his pasture and the sheep of his hand.
So we are.
God's sheep.
We are not God's turtles.
Or God's toads.
We are God's sheep.
We are not even God's mechanics.
Or God's doctors.
We are God's sheep.
We are the people of his pasture and we and the sheep of
His hand.
Now if you are glad that you are God's sheep.
God's sheep.
And then we want to read.
What other verses would you like to read?
That one.
Psalm 23.
It says that the Lord is my shepherd.
Not the Lord is my doctor.
or the Lord is my plumber the Lord is my electrician or the Lord is my whatever or my nurse or my the Lord is my chef the Lord is my shepherd which simply means that I am the Lord's sheep I am the Lord's sheep
I am the Lord's sheep.
The Lord is my...
I'm happy that the Lord is your shepherd.
You want him to be a shepherd?
Yeah.
Then you ought to be a sheep.
There's no shepherd that leads goats or pigs.
Well, once I saw in Rwanda, I think.
Rwanda saw a man with pigs.
I've never seen it before.
That's the only place I've seen a man.
I usually see a man with sheep.
But I've never seen a man with an abassoe, a man with pigs.
Yes, I don't know how his man ate too.
But it's a very...
It was in Rwanda, yes.
That's the only place I've sighted.
Jeremy, isn't it?
Was it Rwanda or...
Yes, it was Rwanda, yeah.
It was Rwanda, yes.
You see.
A man with pigs.
And I was quite amazed that, hey, this one is a revelation.
But it's sheep.
Sheep, you see.
You see a shepherd with sheep.
Shepherd with sheep.
So when God called men in Ephesians chapter four, he says that when they ascended up on high, he gave gifts unto men, to some he gave to become apostles, others.
prophets, evangelists, and then pastors, pastors, that is shepherds, pastors, shepherds.
He gave shepherds, shepherds to men and to the church, shepherds.
It means that as he puts a shepherd, shepherd, pastor, the same word, the same word, pastor is shepherd, pastor is shepherd, shepherd is pastor.
He gave us pastas, that is shepherds.
It means that he expects the members to behave like sheep.
Because we are sheep.
You saw it earlier.
We are sheep.
So he expects us to behave like sheep.
So he gave us shepherds.
He didn't give us architects.
He gave us shepherds.
You have to really understand it.
And even ask yourself, even why?
Why did he give us a shepherd?
Why didn't he say plumbers?
Or electricians?
Or doctors?
Or nurses?
Why did he choose shepherd?
Because shepherd is a profession.
It's someone's job.
Yeah, it's someone's job to be a shepherd.
Why did God choose shepherd and he didn't choose plumbing?
or engineering, or GPN.
I mean, why, why, why didn't, or a banker, why did you say a banker?
Because if I were to ask you now, I mean, what should your pastor do for you?
We have different things.
One of the things we would like is the pastor to always talk to us about money and show us how to get money.
Yeah.
We are into banking and finance.
The Lord is my, the Lord is my banker.
I shall not go bankrupt.
Receive it.
You never go bankrupt.
Yes, the Lord is my banker.
Why does it say the Lord is my banker?
The Lord is my bank manager.
I shall not go bankrupt.
There he said the Lord is my shepherd.
I shall not want.
It means I am the Lord's sheep.
And then Jeremiah chapter three and verse 15 where we ended last week, he says that and I will give you pastors.
I'll give you pastors.
It's like God is determined to give us pastors and not bankers.
Not economists.
He's determined not to give us nurses.
Nurses are very nice, you know.
Yeah, but he's telling us not to give us nurses.
Is there a problem about nurses?
He didn't give us, he didn't give us, he didn't give us nurses.
Yeah.
He didn't give us lawyers.
He gave us past us according to my heart which shall feed you with dare and saka.
Yes.
You can't forget dare and saka, isn't it?
Who shall feed us with dare and saka.
That is knowledge and understanding.
When you are stable and you are sheep, you gain knowledge and understanding over time.
Because you need to be stable.
You need to be planted and to be established and to be there.
And the voice of your pastor, not the bank account of your pastor, or the...
Many years ago, many years ago,
I still see that brother when I go to our other church.
Many years ago, about 26 years ago, when he arrived in the country, he came to church.
And I finished preaching.
I remember I finished preaching on the Sunday morning.
I finished preaching Sunday morning.
Then he walked up to me.
he said to me, he said to me that pastor, pastor, should I tell you what he came to ask me?
Are you sure you want to know?
He said pastor, can I have your N.I.
number?
You see, initially I didn't understand, I was wondering, what does he need my N.I.
number for?
So I was, he could see that I was a little startled.
Then he said,
Oh I need, I'm applying for a job and they're asking for an, I don't have a 99 number yet, but I know that people do something, something, something, something, something.
So can I have your N.I.
number?
And I said, hey brother, where are you from?
What problem is this?
It's like, I'm your church member, help me.
help me, so can you give me your N.I.?
I said, brother, I mean, please.
I mean, please.
Every time I go to that church, it's an offering time, you know, every time we come around and he comes when I see him, I always remember, hey, this is brother N.I.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes, brother N.I.
He always comes.
Now he has a big belly.
So he comes and he's full of NINAMBES.
Yeah.
So, you see, there are, there are, perhaps it sounds like maybe just sometimes means, but people have different expectations from the pastor, different expectations, apart from the main thing.
Apart from the main thing is, and it even takes a pastor, a pastor who even believes, believes in the Bible and believes in the Word of God to stay, to stay with what he has to offer.
And to make, and to make his sheep, followers, congregation, whatever name you want to give them, make them aware that this is the main thing and this is the important thing, that when you come around what I have to offer,
It's my voice.
And through my voice, you receive knowledge and understanding.
Not my N-I number.
Someone also one day saw me.
His own would be like how many years ago?
Titi, how old are you?
Where's Titi?
Yes, how old are you?
17, so it'll be about 17 years ago.
So it was around the time that her dedication, baby dedication, when she was a baby, yes.
I dedicated her as a baby.
Yes.
So I think it was, yes, it was after that visit to that country.
A brother,
in that congregation.
And then he followed me, together with her dad.
He followed me all the way to the train station.
And you know how when someone wants a bit of privacy with you, so tries to, you know, it's like we are about five, so he tries to, you know, take you out of the flock.
So he succeeded at the point because the train was a little far.
So as we were walking on the way, he managed to get me out of the flock.
Then he said to me, then he said to me, can I get him somebody in my congregation in England to marry him for papers?
Then he said, then he said to me, how much do they charge?
And I said, I don't know.
But you see, are you listening to me?
He thought I was pretending.
And he said, no, he's made some research.
He thinks it's about between 3,000 to 3,500.
That's about 17 years ago.
He thinks that's it.
So he said, I'm ready to pay.
And I said, I don't know anybody.
I don't even know how to do what you're asking me to do.
I was like, do you want someone to marry and to live with?
Don't want to have a lot of sisters.
I can try, but even the way you started, I'm not giving up on sisters anyway.
But you look very dodgy.
Then he said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
He's not talking about marriage.
I mean, he's like, no, no, no, no.
I want papers.
Do people understand papers?
You know papers.
Can you relate with the 10 papers?
Uh-huh.
Documents.
Papers.
A stain.
He said, no, so he can't, he said, can I, can I arrange that?
Look.
Her father at the point I took him and rescued me from the brother.
It's like, oh, we have to go there.
So as I was we left, I was telling her father because he was the pastor saying, oh, your sheep, your sheep.
This is what your sheep is asking me for.
She is asking me for a woman from my church.
So you said the expectations are different.
Everybody has an expectation.
Definitely based on their needs.
But it doesn't mean that that is the purpose of church.
The purpose of church or the purpose of a pastor must be changed because you have a need.
Because that need will be met.
You see, we are no wiser than God.
That need will be met if you pay careful attention to the voice of the pastor.
Because what God has given us is the voice of the pastor.
That the pastor has to speak.
He has to speak the way.
So that's what the pastor has to be careful to believe in the Word and teach the Word and keep teaching the Word.
And not come up with interesting doctrines and fantasies and ideas.
So every sheep has to
be inclined to the voice of your pastor.
Whoever your pastor is, whoever your pastor is, it's also your choice, really.
But you have to be inclined to the voice of your pastor.
You have to hear the voice of your pastor because as a Christian, it's one of the things that God has given to us.
The voice of your pastor.
But that's why you see that if you're in this change, you see one of the things that's part of the announcement, every Sunday is podcast.
Yes, because what is podcast?
Podcast is the voice of our pastor.
It is through the podcast that we hear the voice of God.
He will counsel us.
He will pray for us.
He will teach us.
He will advise us.
He will preach to us.
He will prophesy to us.
That's what we always talk about.
You see, always we talk about podcast.
Podcast is through the podcast that you will learn how to have your quiet time.
Because when you listen, listen, listen, listen, you'll see him teaching you about quiet time.
As he gives an example, he's saying, God, so you will learn.
You even learn verses.
When you listen to message, you learn verses.
There's invasions you will never see.
You have your quiet time, 23.
You will never see it.
But as you, as you become someone who soaks in messages that is following your pastor's voice, you discover verses.
You discover in your life verses that you wouldn't have discovered.
Sometimes when you are reading a Bible on your own, yes, you have a revelation, you see something, but in addition to that,
through your pastor's teachings, you learn new verses.
And then when you are reading books, when you are reading the books that your pastor has also written or other Christian books, you also learn more verses.
So what God has given to us is our
It's one of the main things.
That's what will lead us and guide us to wisdom, to knowledge, to understanding.
It guides us.
You see, when you listen to your passage first, you gain wisdom.
You become a wise sheep.
So my next chapter, my next chapter in this series, God's Sheep.
I think this is my third chapter or fourth chapter.
Fourth chapter.
Okay.
So chapter four.
Chapter four is wisdom, wisdom of sheep.
Because there in Sakaal is knowledge and understanding.
And that leads you, the voice of your pastor that is bringing knowledge and understanding converts you into a wise sheep because it imparts wisdom to you.
You receive wisdom.
That is, you know how to solve some problems.
And you know how to deal with some issues.
And you learn how to do certain things that you didn't know before.
You didn't know before, but you learn how to do it.
Wisdom is how to do certain things.
How to do.
It's like, what should I study?
What should I study?
Through the teaching, the voice of your pastor, you will discover that, look, there are better courses to study in life.
I mean, there are better.
Are there not better ones?
Are there better?
Courses will not be linked to grades.
Those who ever will may come.
But to create that segregation
and spoken segregation.
Grades are put there so that you are separate.
You are told without being told that don't come.
Yes.
I think one of the recent considerations they are making is to make people apply for universities after their results are coming is of using predicted grades.
So now it's like, well, let's wait.
When your results come, you give time, then you apply based on what you have.
Because sometimes your previous grades are maybe not so good.
And then you do well.
And then you don't have offers for some courses.
So rather, apply after you've seen who you are.
When you say, this is who I am, come.
I don't know which one is better though, but I mean,
One would be better than the other.
I have an opinion, but that's not the forum.
Yes.
Yeah.
So you need, you need, you need the wisdom.
Even wisdom on who to marry.
Who to marry.
You need wisdom.
Because some people, some people are not, not that they are evil.
You have to clear that evil thing out of you and say, you can't, don't marry this person or you can't, the person is evil.
It doesn't mean the person is evil.
Sometimes, yes, the person is wicked.
But usually that, I mean, I can say that 99.9% of them, that's not the reason.
The reason is based more on compatibility.
But no, it won't work because of the way you are.
The way you are, this is not the type of person you should be working with.
And then also some of the people are also not ready.
They can't even do certain things.
You'll be surprised that you take such a person home and she can't do anything.
She can't do anything.
You see, one of the sisters, are you here?
One of the things that you don't know that brothers are hoping for,
as they are approaching marriage.
It's food.
They want to eat.
They want to eat, and they want to eat what they want.
Yes.
Because it's a brother's work happy.
Sit down tight.
So they can't tell their mom what they want to eat.
Their mothers, if they are good wives, and if the fathers are still around, if they are cooked to the taste of daddy, that's if they are good wives, if they are good obedient people, if they're cooked to the taste of daddy.
You don't even matter.
It's also you don't even matter.
Yes.
My dad liked a lot of pepper.
So that's why my mother cooked.
So the day I got married, I rebelled against pepper.
I said, this is my house.
I said, this is my, I'm also in charge here.
No, that thing should not come here.
That thing shouldn't be here.
And I think that's the only reason why I
I rejected it because I felt all my life had been punished.
Everything you have to eat, you are sweating.
Why?
You can't complain.
You shouldn't complain.
So the day, you see, the day I discovered, you see, suddenly I realized that this is my house.
This place, this place, I am the one who matters.
I said that thing.
It shall not appear here.
It shouldn't.
Food you can't eat, you have to eat it.
Because the person, you're not the breadwinner of that.
This is the person who is the head of the house.
He says, this is how he likes his food.
This is how he likes it.
I'm telling you, you will see anything at all.
You will see scotch bonnet swimming in it.
Anything, anything at all.
Imagine anything.
I won't be surprised if she even put it in cake when she's baking cake.
She even put it in.
I mean, she did it, but you understand what I mean.
yellow scotch bonnet you see swimming and when it pops and the seeds leak oh man pray about it are you listening to me I'm saying that
So through the voice of your passage.
So you say, maybe you may be here, you're not even interested in cooking, you can't even cook.
Even as we are laughing and joking, wisdom is being given to you that this is how, this is how to be a good wife.
It's been given to you, this is how.
In case you think it's about makeup and nails.
Yeah.
So, the voice of the pastor, it guides you.
It gives you wisdom.
It gives you a lot of wisdom.
Those who have received, have received.
Those who didn't also, we are there.
I mean, it's not, there's no struggle.
It's not a problem.
We are there.
We are flowing.
We are flowing fully.
give you wisdom.
So it points you to wisdom.
So it is expected, it's expected that the sheep are becoming wise, wiser and wiser and wiser as they hear the word.
As they hear the word.
I mean there are brothers who perhaps have not even thought of even getting married.
They are like whatever they are like.
Never settle down, don't want to settle down.
As they come in the, even they're saving, almost as though they're saving a bit of pressure.
They're settled down, because you have to settle down.
You can be jumping around all your life.
You can be this one, you try this one, you try this one.
You have to settle.
At the point you have to settle, you can see at the point that you can't have all.
You have to take one.
So which one do you want?
You can't have seven.
this Christianity you can't have seven so you will see that you will see that you will see that through the voice of your pastor and the teaching of your pastor as you prove you study you see that somebody was never imagined that he will settle down suddenly I settled so you see he's he's a married man said this guy's a married man he's a married man he settled and he's okay
He said he's okay.
He said set aside.
This is what I have.
I'm okay.
This is my portion.
She can't fry eggs, but I'm okay.
Sometimes I wonder, what do you start talking about?
What are the discussions?
So the wisdom of the sheep, because wisdom is very important.
A lot of things, if not all things, are a product of wisdom.
The Bible says that through wisdom is an house built.
Yeah.
If you think that you get a house by money, but you get a house by wisdom.
Yes, that's how you get a house by wisdom.
that you become wealthy or prosperous by wisdom.
Because a lot of you have money, but they are fools.
They don't even benefit from what they have.
So it is through wisdom that an house is built in by understanding it is established.
It's wisdom.
So when you cut yourself off your source of wisdom,
You can predict your future yourself.
Through wisdom, impossible situations are overcome.
Ecclesiastes chapter nine, verse 14.
It says that there was a little city and few men within it and there came a great king against it and besieged it and built great bulwarks against it.
That's 15.
Now there was found in it a poor, wise man.
And he by his wisdom delivered the city.
By his wisdom delivered the city.
By his wisdom.
You see anything that you are trapped in, any difficulty you are trapped in, what is missing in your life?
What is missing in your life is how to come out of it.
Which means that the wisdom to come out of that thing.
That's what is missing.
The wisdom to come out of it.
How do I stop doing this?
How do I stop doing that?
How do I overcome this problem?
How do I solve this problem?
What it says is that you are looking for and praying for wisdom, wisdom to overcome that thing.
Because by his wisdom, a city is delivered.
Wisdom is a very powerful thing to have.
When you don't have wisdom, it even shows in the decisions and things that you make in your life.
When there's no wisdom, there's no counseling, there's no advice.
You don't even know how to live.
You don't even know how to conduct yourself.
It's not as if you are lacking opportunities because people have opportunities.
A lot of people have a lot of opportunities, but they don't make the best of it because they lack the wisdom to seize the moment
And to capitalize on the opportunities that they have.
And it is, it is how far they are from the voice of their pastor.
Which God has given to them.
God has, God gives you a pastor.
You rather criticize him.
It's not your duty to criticize the pastor.
It's not, it's not, that's not your work.
That's not your work.
That's not your calling.
And that's not your place.
There is no church.
I don't know any church in this world.
That is pastored by an angel.
Even if the pastor is called angel, he's not an angel.
I don't know anywhere.
Everywhere that you will be, you will like this, you'll be not like that.
It's like any food.
Any food that is put in front of you, well of course there's some people that, every meal they declare they please, but.
But any food that is put in front of you, there's something that will be left.
Either booms or something, I mean something will be left behind.
You see, one day.
I think it was a funeral that I went with a friend, a pastor friend.
I mean, one of my pastors said, look, let's go.
So after the funeral there was reception.
The reception was in, I mean, what was served was almost like finger foods.
But there came wings.
And you know, wings have bones.
So there we were, and we were sitting at a table.
I mean, it wasn't like, it was still a table, like.
So I had, you know, played or had my wings and the bones were left in my plate.
And he was sitting opposite to me.
And I lifted up my head.
And his plate was dry clean.
So I said to him, I remember, I remember I asked him, were you not giving any of the wings?
Is that the way?
See that, he said he was.
So I said, what happened?
Did you swallow it like tablets?
Is it like capsules?
He had swallowed the wings, like he's taking, he's taking almost 16 capsules.
They have swallowed it.
Chew the bones and swallowed.
And he was, he was sitting, he was sitting, oh.
It's like, it's like, how?
It's like, well, what am I gonna say?
It's like, I said, I said, I said the bones, the wings have bones in it.
Where, where are the bones?
Look, his plate, his plate.
It was dry and clean.
He swallowed everything that was put there.
Some of his sisters are thinking how you also swallow.
You swallow all the wigs and the bones, isn't it?
And our host was sitting on the table with us and I'm sure she was thinking that, hey, because I couldn't help it.
I was asking in front of everybody, what happened?
I mean, how?
I've not seen such a miracle service before.
cleared everything.
Everything has been cleared.
But I'm saying that in life, normally, you like something, you don't like some things.
You know your beloved is doing everything that you like.
You may not like some of her styles.
Yes, sometimes it is some of the attitudes.
But it's not, but you like some things.
Yes.
So usually you just have to learn how to concentrate on the things that you like.
You don't change.
You don't change because you don't like this.
Because what you are choosing, I will bet my last bottom dollar that it's not better than what you have left.
In the sense that you will find something else about this one that you don't like.
That's how churches are.
There's this, there's not this, there's this, there's not this, there's not that, there's this.
I mean everybody is different.
Every human being is different.
Some people have this.
They don't have this.
Some people have this in larger portions.
They have something else in a smaller portion.
They have different things.
They have big legs, small head.
They also have big head and small legs.
They don't want you fancy.
If you like big head, you see something.
Her head is big.
Her legs are small.
Whatever.
You can send her back to heaven and say, God, can you reduce the size of her head and use it on her legs?
Even when you get to know the person, you will discover more beautiful things.
More beautiful things that are not physical.
You discover more beautiful things.
So wisdom is one of the power bases for your Christian life.
So that's what I'm talking about.
The wisdom of a sheep.
So the first wisdom of a sheep.
The first wisdom of a sheep.
And that's today I have only one point.
The first wisdom of a sheep is to be a sheep.
If you are wise, if you are wise, you will be a sheep.
Yes.
If you're wise, you'll be a sheep.
You'll be a sheep in the church.
Submitted, humble, all the, you have all the trappings of a sheep.
So the first wisdom key or wisdom sign of wisdom of a sheep or a member is that you will be a sheep.
When you become a sheep, it means you've become wise.
Yes.
It means you've become wise.
You have become a wise person.
So in this my first point, which is the only point for today, I'm going to share with you.
You like the point number one, isn't it?
Yes.
So I'm going to share with you signs of people who are not sheep.
Wow.
So, who are those who are not cheap?
As God said, the Lord is my shepherd.
You mean what you are lying on?
Why don't you say the Lord is my zookeeper?
We are the people of his pasture and the sheep of his hand.
The sheep of his hand.
Maybe you are not sheep.
You haven't become that thing.
Because you have to become that thing to benefit.
To benefit from the blessings of sheep.
I'm sure one of my chapters are blessings of sheep.
Yes, blessings of sheep.
I think it's the last chapter.
Blessings of sheep.
But we are now going to talk about the wisdom of sheep.
Just one point for today.
The wisdom of a sheep is to become a sheep.
Is that I am a sheep.
That's who I am.
That's what I am.
You can laugh at me.
You can joke with me.
I am a sheep.
I'm a sheep.
My shepherd that God has given me is Bishop Dag.
Bishop Dag is my pastor.
I am his sheep.
I am a sheep in his flock.
Yes.
He's been my shepherd since 1990.
How many years now?
30 years now.
I haven't changed churches.
I haven't moved.
I have not even threatened to move.
Do you understand?
It's not just that I have him.
I've not even threatened to move.
that look, if you're not careful, I'll go.
For 30 years, for 30 years, I've listened to the same voice.
Same voice, same voice, same person, same preaching, same talking.
For 30 years.
Yeah, no, no, there's something to clap about.
You should pray that you also say the same.
Uh huh.
It's not becoming a mobile, a mobile member.
Looking for reception anywhere you go.
You're preaching.
We are the same pastor for 30 years.
Older than most of you here.
For 30 years.
For 30 years I've had the same pastor.
I joined this church in 1990.
My wife introduced me to the church.
I said this church, let's go, let's go there.
In 1989.
But I wouldn't say I was a member then.
I was a hit and run.
You understand?
I hate to run.
I used to come for Tuesday service and I disappear.
Tuesday, then I disappear.
Then 1990, 31st, 1989 into 1st January, I was there.
After that, I said, this is my church.
Where do I have to go?
What am I even struggling?
This is my church.
This is my home and this is my pastor.
This is my pastor.
It's been 30 years.
I'm still here.
Drinking from the same river.
30 years now, yes.
Have I become a wise sheep or not?
Yeah.
Some people are still taking decisions on whatever.
For 30 years.
Got married here.
Had all my children here.
He did my marriage counseling.
Officiated.
Bebe's.
Evalton.
I was just a brother.
Brother in the church.
Brother in the church, I became a shepherd in the church.
Shepard.
He gave me a shepherd.
I became a shepherd.
I became like a center leader.
Yes, I was a center leader for an area called Kualikbu and Latibio Koshy.
or as a center leader in these areas.
Yes.
If you can't pronounce the second one, it's, it's late by orca shy.
That is that sound.
Yeah, late by orca shy.
That sounds better, isn't it?
Yes.
But it's the same as late by orca shy.
It's the same place, it's laid by Yorkshire.
To add, like, Basentes in all these areas, we used to call them AOFMs, that's area, outrage, and follow-up ministries.
So I was like a Zonal Ovasia or whatever, a Zonal leader.
I was a shepherd.
I was a shepherd in the church.
First, my first, my first was a shepherd was actually in the prayer ministry.
I was shepherd for the prayer ministry.
Shepherd for the prayer ministry before I became a center leader for that area.
Yes.
Then I was appointed as a pastor.
I used to have, I used to have one of my assignments in the church that he gave me.
My pastor gave me was to have an all night every day.
Not every, not every Friday, every day.
Every day I had an all night.
Yes.
With anybody and as many people that...
Anybody and as many people that I can find.
So sometimes when I go for something, there's just three of us.
There's just five.
Fridays usually is a lot.
Because Friday is when everybody feels that they should pray.
All night, every day.
No problem.
It's not a difficulty.
It's not a problem.
No struggle.
I'll be there.
Including Sunday.
Sunday after Chetah, have an all night.
Sunday after Chetah, have a Monday after Chetah, have an all night Tuesday after Chetah.
That was the work he gave me.
He said, look, have all nights every day and pray.
Wow.
I like the way you are looking at me.
I would have to say to some of you that have an all night every day.
I would have to tell you.
If only you could see your faces, your eyes are popping.
Look at this.
You haven't seen me before.
Yeah.
Yeah, the same.
He appointed me as a pastor.
He ordained me as a reverend minister.
He consecrated me as a bishop.
other duties and other things to do.
He's traveled the world with me, the world.
Name anywhere in the world.
He's taken me there before.
He said, let's go.
Let's go.
He's taking me everywhere.
That's my pastor.
And as we are going, he's talking.
Like the Bible says about Elijah and Elijah.
And as they walk, they talk.
Yes, yes.
Working and talking.
Yes.
We talk about the voice of the pastor, the voice of your pastor.
the voice of your pastor.
Not hiding from your pastor and dodging your pastor or fighting your pastor or resisting your pastor or opposing your pastor or taking a stance, becoming an opinion leader against your pastor.
You are making yourself into a fool.
It's a battle that you will lose.
It's not a battle that is even worth watching or waiting for how it will end.
You will lose because you are fighting against God.
It's God who appoints pastors.
Come on.
I told you once I sat hours in Lufthansa, I was stuck next to this black American guy, and I was reading Art of Sheperdin.
So he asked me, what's that?
I said, book.
He said, no, Art of Sheperdin, what does it mean?
And before I could explain to him, he said, is it about people?
He said, people?
You want to lead people?
He said, forget it.
What kind of job is that?
Who chooses to lead people?
He said, don't you want money?
Don't you want to be rich?
And you know, we're flying into a crowd.
Those days, Lufthansa lands around 2 p.m. in the afternoon.
So you can see everything.
You can see that there are no roads.
Everywhere is dusty.
So we're landing and we're supposed to, our seat belts are on everything.
He said, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Because he was outside the window.
He said, come, come and look at something.
I said, what is it?
He said, look down.
So I looked out.
He said, what do you see?
Are you listening to me?
No, listen.
He said, what do you see?
I said, build this.
He said, no.
Look again.
I looked.
And he said, what do you see?
What do you see?
Before I could answer, he said, money.
He said, can't you see money?
He said, all these roads that are not done, it's money.
This is money.
In other words, this is what you should be doing.
No out of shepherding.
He was continuing the conversation we've had earlier in the flight, that this is what you should be doing.
When you're looking out and see money, no out of shepherding.
Who's here out of shepherding?
People.
He said, people?
I always remember his voice.
He said, why do you want to waste your time on people leading people?
He said, people are ungrateful.
People are unthankful.
People are so happy.
It's such a difficult job.
It's such a heartbreaking job.
Why would you choose such a job?
Look at the roads.
Look at the roads in the country.
If you get a contract or something to do with even a couple of them, you'll get something and this is money.
Young man, this is money.
This is money.
My point is that when you see someone in the office of a pastor, it's a calling.
It's a calling.
It's something that you choose because it's like you feel so good, you feel you are good.
No, it's a calling.
It's God who calls you and puts you there.
And if you have the fear of God, you respond to it and you keep it.
You will think when you go to a church, especially a church where we encourage people become pastors, you will think everybody wants to be a pastor.
Everybody doesn't want to be a pastor.
That's why I have a lot of respect for my pastors.
And I appreciate them because everybody will not choose what they have chosen.
Everybody wouldn't.
You may think everybody would, but everybody wouldn't.
It's not everybody who will say yes, that pastor.
No, no, no.
Everybody won't say yes.
So even I have two and a half people who say, oh yes, I believe God has called me.
They said, call in.
Train me and help me to become a pastor.
I really treasure them.
Because everybody would.
It's not everybody will would.
It's not everybody who will respond to the call of God.
It's not a call of man.
So I'm saying pastors, your pastor's voice.
You see what my pastor's voice has turned me into?
Pastor's voice has taught me to pray, to read my Bible, to study, to study books, to study this, to preach.
to answer the call.
The face I had something about called call.
It was my pastor.
He visited me in my house and he asked me, do you believe your call?
That was the face I had something called call.
And he explained to me why he believes I have the calling.
And I said, I believe.
I followed my pastor's voice till now.
Till now, till today.
signs of those who are not sheep.
That's number one.
That's those who have not become wise.
But not you, so you use it.
You see, you are wise.
You have become wise.
I've used that you've become wise.
Tell your neighbor that you are wise.
You are wise person.
Are you still here?
Yes.
Let's talk about the wisdom of sheep.
Number one.
Quickly, number one.
Today is just one point.
The one point is that, what's the one point?
That you become sheep.
So what are those who have not become sheep, who are not sheep?
Number one, they do not believe.
John chapter 10 verse 26.
He says that,
But ye believe not because you are not of my sheep as I said unto you.
So the sign of maybe a member and always around regular visitor but he is not sheep is that he doesn't believe.
When you don't believe, you don't become.
Yes, let me show it to you.
In Romans chapter 10, verse nine, the Bible says that, that if thou shall confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in thine heart that God has raised him from the dead, thou shall be saved.
If thou shall confess with your mouth and believe in your heart that God has raised him, so is it believing is there?
And then in verse 10, it says that,
It says, for with the heart, man believeth unto.
The occurrence of the event of righteousness only occurs when there is believing.
Yes.
Take righteousness as an event.
Something can happen to you.
That event only happens.
It occurs.
When you believe, when you believe, you become.
When you don't believe, you don't become, you never become.
Those who have been believed have not become.
They've not become anything that they haven't believed in.
Anything you've not believed in it, you have not become it.
It's as simple as that.
Anything you haven't believed, you haven't become it.
So long as you keep picking and choosing
and selecting what you are doing is you are deselecting yourself from favorable positions and things and blessings.
Because you never believe.
You never believe in anything.
Most things you don't believe.
You are told, I say, because when you are told, when you are told, do this, you have to believe it.
You have to believe it.
Any discussion, any discussion that lasts more than five minutes, that best is stubborn.
Extremely unbelieving.
One topic, one issue.
All the pastors have given you the same answer.
You are still asking.
Because you don't believe.
It's out of the patience of the pastor and the love that we keep even answering.
I say we don't know that you've asked the whole world already.
Because you don't believe.
You want something else.
You have another agenda.
You have something else in your mind that you are hoping that you would you meet somebody a weak up a weaker link to say something else so you can run with it.
True or correct?
Yes.
For with the heart, man
righteousness.
Don't believe righteousness that thing happened.
Don't believe.
That thing has always believed.
It never happened.
It never happens.
You are not it.
You are just not it.
You are just not there because you don't believe.
You haven't believed.
You have questions, doubts, debates, arguments.
You don't believe.
People who believe they obey.
It's as soon as there's believing there's obedience.
That's why I say to you that move from dancing stars to the choir, and you believe that there must be a good reason why I'm saying that you will become.
You become that thing that you will become if you enter into the choir.
But you start telling that no, I feel my calling is actually the dancing.
No problem.
Can you see Phariseeism?
These are the Pharisees.
The Pharisees didn't think they were unrighteous.
They were not like drunkards, drunkards and madras.
Very religious people.
Very religious.
It is their religiosity that blocked them from ever becoming anything.
Yes.
You know too much.
You don't believe anything.
You challenge everything.
So you never become.
Because you have stopped believing.
You have stopped believing.
You have stopped hearing.
You have stopped.
Although you have stopped it.
When you hear the voice, you hear the voice.
You rather, your heart is full of arguments and debates and challenging.
Number two.
The second sign.
This is the first sign.
Yeah.
Have you seen people who don't believe simple things?
But then they feel they need to impress by asking very complex questions and complex things.
I said, this is what the pastor likes to hear, you know.
Ask for Bishop Wretched, ask for First Laugh when you go.
You have to talk missions.
You know so well.
Actually, I want to go on missions.
I believe in God to go on missions.
This person talking missions.
You are discussing things that has nothing to do with missions, but I have to slot in that word because that's a magic word.
That's like, it's like saying to a little child, tell child ask you that, can I have some chocolate or can I have this?
And you say, what's the magic word?
The child says, please.
Please, yes.
So as you see before, what we are talking about has nothing to do with the ministry.
But it's like levy.
Let me throw, if it was a cartoon, it's like, let me throw in this word that brings stars.
You know, it's like, when he sees that word in my sentences, his eyes will begin to sparkle and he'll say, tity-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee.
Here.
So they insert the word missions.
They're like, no, I know if I put in that word, the shop will be slain.
Missions.
Mission.
You go missions.
God has seen those words that you wrote even though he didn't mean it.
He has seen it.
He will take you.
Number two.
They do not hear the voice of the shepherd.
That's John 10 and verse 27.
They don't hear the voice of the shepherd.
They don't listen to the voice of the shepherd.
My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me.
They hear my voice.
The sign of a sheep.
Wisdom of a sheep.
Wisdom, wisdom of sheep.
sheep hear the voice of the shepherd.
Sheep hear the voice of God.
They hear the voice of Jesus and they hear the voice of the pastor that God has given to them.
Sheep hear the voice.
Not the hear voices.
They hear the voice of the pastor.
Look at, look at.
Okay.
Maybe I'll use it.
Isaiah chapter.
Are you feeling sleepy?
No.
Nobody.
Isaiah, Isaiah chapter number 30.
Ah, there.
Isaiah 30, verse 19.
He said, for the people shall dwell in Zion at Jerusalem.
Thou shall weep no more.
He will be very gracious unto thee at the voice of thy cry.
When he shall hear it, he will answer thee.
Verse 20.
Are you there?
Yes.
And though the Lord give you the bread of adversity and the water of affliction, listen, yet, yet shall
shall not thy teachers be removed into a corner anymore, but thine eyes shall see thy teachers.
Don't move your teachers into a corner.
Don't black out on your teachers.
Don't remove your teachers out of your life.
Don't put your podcast up.
into a corner on your phone.
And put Sky News and BBC News that will be supplying with all sorts of scary news.
Yes, yes.
Wow.
Yes.
Yet shall not thy teachers
be removed into a corner anymore.
But thine eyes shall see thy teachers.
You'll be focused on your teachers who are always being focused.
They'll be in view.
You can see them and you hear them.
Then verse 21.
And thine ears shall hear a word behind this saying, this is the way.
Walking in it.
when you turn to the right hand and when you turn to the left.
You see what?
When you try to go off or make some moves, you hear a voice because your teachers, your teachers are in view.
Your teachers are in your life.
The voice of your pastor is constantly speaking in your life.
So when you try to make a move, you hear a voice from behind you saying that, no, this is the way.
This is the way.
Walk here next.
This is what you're supposed to be doing.
This is what you're supposed to be going.
But when you become better than your teachers, you feel you know more than your teachers.
Your teachers can't counsel you anymore.
They can't talk to you anymore.
Plus now your teachers have become your equals.
hear a voice.
A word behind thee saying, this is the way.
Walk here in it.
This is how to conduct yourself.
This is how to live.
This is how to work.
This is what you must do.
This is the benefit of the passage.
Do this.
Because sometimes you meet people, they are believers, but they are still like unbelievers.
Because they don't have the voice to correct certain things.
They feel Christianity is as good as going to church every Sunday.
But you can see as we are studying, we are studying the Bible.
You can see as we are studying the Bible that there is more to Christianity than just the Sunday government.
The Sunday government is important because there is more.
There is more to your development.
Out of this, you are almost like an unbeliever.
Your ex-girlfriend is your best man.
Your best.
I mean, it's like... We don't even understand what you are doing.
We don't even understand what you are doing.
Yes, your ex is your best.
You are saying your beloved should understand.
It's like... You are telling her that relax.
Relax.
Relax, am I not going to marry you?
You're the one I chose to marry you.
I mean, the fact that my old girlfriend is still around, so what?
Relax.
Relax, I've chosen you.
You're the one I'm going to marry.
But there's nothing like she didn't talk to her again.
She didn't talk to her again.
So we can't even be friends.
We're choosing to talk to her.
It's Valentine's Day.
I'm going to send her some flowers.
You're the one I'm marrying, but she's Valentine's Day.
She's my old girlfriend.
I'm going to send her some flowers.
I mean, come on.
come on.
You tell them, come on.
I mean, get a grip of life.
Look, come on.
Be secure.
Be stable.
I'm going to marry anyway.
So, I'm going to marry.
I shouldn't talk to anybody again.
Is it a prison?
But you see, you need
the voice of the pastor to ask you a question.
What are you doing with your ex-girlfriend?
Who is an unbeliever?
What are you doing with her?
What do you even talk about?
And thine ears shall hear a word behind thee saying, this is the way.
Walk ye in it.
Yes, a voice that will tell you.
A voice that will tell you.
Join this ministry.
I was telling you what I told you.
I was told have an all night every day.
Have an all night every day.
I was told have a prayer meeting here.
I was told lead a prayer meeting.
I was told do this.
Go and visit.
Do this.
A voice.
You see, the voice keeps telling me, do this.
The voice says, marry.
To be married, I say, yes, I'm married.
I wanted to marry already.
You see, that's what it's not even like in the difficulty.
I hope if I tell you, marry, it won't turn into a debate.
A long, long argument, long winding discussion.
The message is loaded.
It's a marry.
Just marry.
Yeah.
Marry, OK?
Marry.
He said marry.
And I'm married.
Marry.
You have somebody to marry?
I said yes.
Marry.
Let's do it.
Yes.
There are more things to do after.
Let's do it and let's do it quick.
Say there's your delay before you've turned into something else.
Falling into sin of all sorts of complications in your life because you missed your timing.
You see a lot.
Everything in life.
Next time you see someone in a problem before you start crying for the person.
Remember.
Remember something about to tell you.
Remember the word.
Choices.
If you forget choices, remember decisions.
When you see somebody, everybody's life is a summation of choices and decisions they have made.
Times when they were told stop, they won't stop.
They're told don't do, they will do.
They will say do, they won't do.
Because they won't hear the voice of them.
Just alone in your room and you're listening to a message.
The pastor is talking to you all the time.
All the time you're talking, he'll be counseling you.
When I'm listening to messages, I'm receiving counseling.
I'm not listening to messages to come and preach.
I'm receiving counseling.
Counseling and self-development.
That's when I hear a voice saying, this is the way.
This is the way.
Walk in it.
That is not the way.
This is the way.
Why is sheep?
We'll say yes.
This is the way I'll take it.
I'll take that way.
I'll take the way you're pointing to me.
I'll take it.
When you haven't become sheep, you will not hear the voice.
You even get irritated.
Number three.
Are you still here or you've left?
How many of you are seeing the importance of podcasts?
Podcasts.
If you don't know what podcasts is, you should ask.
You should ask one of the pastors or shepherds around the world's podcast.
I need this podcast and I need to have it.
I need to have it because I need the voice of my pastor.
It's for God to give the voice.
to feed with knowledge and understanding, so that you become a wise, you become a wise sheep, wise member.
Wise sheep, wise member.
You see, don't let Satan tempt you so much that he can.
You see, you think all temptations are fornication, isn't it?
It's like, if it's not sex, it's not a temptation.
There are people who don't have sex.
They don't have that type of problem.
But that doesn't mean they don't have problems.
They have other problems.
Some of the so-called virgins can be the most stubborn people and proud people you can ever meet.
Stubborn and proud because, you see, because they don't even use the word of God as the standard.
They use the failings of their friends.
Yes.
that I don't do this and not my friend does.
But you don't obey anything you are told.
You don't obey.
You're stubborn, difficult.
You can't be counseled.
You can't be told no.
Give up and sit down.
You can't.
You always have an opinion.
You are ugly in the eyes of God as the fornicator.
If not more.
What fornication was the Pharisees fornicating?
They're not fornicators.
They read the Bible cover to cover.
They memorize it.
Memorize it.
No scriptures.
They are not into your pornography you are struggling with.
There was no porn in their day.
There was no smartphone.
But read your Bible and see what God called them.
Vipers.
Snakes.
In their self-righteousness.
So you don't have certain things you feel you are good.
That's pride.
That's where pride sets in.
Like say it's a voice when you hear the voice.
Even the fact that you are even rejecting the voice.
You tell them what's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you?
Is it not the same voice that baptized you, led you to Christ, prayed for you?
How come today you are saying this voice?
This voice is no more a voice of God.
Somebody met somebody's church member.
He said to the person, leave the church because God has left that church.
You've met somebody's church member.
your advice to the person is that the church you are in God has left.
I say, I just talk to myself.
People are bold.
People are very, people are bold and brave.
Wow.
How do you say such big, big things?
How some big, big things come out of your mouth?
Seppens, Vipers.
These are, these are people who memorize, they memorize the Torah, the
The ones who say, we don't do this, we don't do this, I don't do this.
You saw the publican and the Pharisee praying.
He says, I don't do this, I don't do this, I don't do that.
And the other one said me, I do everything, Lord, I've missed you on me.
Anyway, number three.
Is it close in time?
The third sign, the third sign of those who are not sheep is that they are not known by the shepherd.
John 10, 27.
My sheep hear my voice.
And I know them.
One of the most devastating effects of sin is hiding.
People hide when they begin to slip and backslide.
They hide.
They hide from the shepherd.
They hide away from church.
And one of the
One of the temptations that the enemy would throw at you is to separate yourself from your shepherd.
That is separate yourself from the person who knows you, who knows you, who can counsel you, who can advise you, who can ask you certain questions.
Separate yourself.
Make yourself big and tall.
Yes.
Don't run.
I'm told when you meet a lion, she didn't run.
Stand.
I don't want you to have the heart to stand up.
But don't I really say you must be dead?
Yes.
Animals like to make themselves big and strong in the eyes of other animals.
So you see the cobra, because it just lifts its neck like that and spreads out.
It's like, look, I'm not a small boy.
Yeah.
But when he's moving like any other snake, you wouldn't even know that they have something like that.
But as soon as you try, they just... All advice we're trying to give you.
Give me those big answers.
We beg.
They are known by vision.
Make yourself known, okay?
Make yourself known.
Make yourself known so that, so that you can be called, you can be counseled so that we can look out for you.
Yes.
It's a blessing for someone to ask that, why is this person?
Why is this person?
It's a blessing.
It's a blessing to say that, why is Aisha?
I didn't see Aisha today.
It's a blessing that your name is known.
And that when you are not seen, it is a blessing.
Can you hear what I'm saying?
It's a blessing.
It's not a disturbance.
It's not a bother.
It's a blessing that it will be asked after church.
Was Aisha in church today?
Where is Aisha?
Can someone check on Aisha?
Because I didn't see her.
I was sitting somewhere.
You didn't see me.
I was there.
Relax, brother.
But do you people understand what I'm saying?
Yes, it's a blessing to be asked.
It's a great blessing.
That's why it's Aisha.
I saw Maria, I didn't see Aisha.
She usually sits next to Maria, but why is she?
Well, it is a blessing.
It's Satan that will make you think that it is a brother.
It's an annoyance.
It's an irritation.
It is a blessing to be asked.
Where is Aisha?
That you are known.
Because I'm reading the Bible.
My sheep hear my voice.
And I know them.
A good shepherd will know his sheep.
Why don't you want to be known?
Why don't you want to be called?
Why don't you want your shepherd to look for you?
It's a work of the shepherd.
It's a work of the pastor to look for you, to look out for you.
Where are you?
Are you there?
Sometimes I get a message from my pastor.
All he says is how.
It means I'm just taking on you.
I've not heard from you.
I'm not saying how.
That's all how.
H-O-W with question mark.
How?
It's not a great blessing.
it's not it's not a great great blessing they said they all they have been looking for him I couldn't get when I call he does it and so they suddenly he sent me a message he's not responding to the message I said I'll be looking for you all day they said no problem I'll call you soon within five within five minutes he was on the phone
Within five minutes on the phone, within three minutes, all my problems have been solved.
All my problems have been solved.
All of them have been solved.
I didn't have any problem again.
We even started talking about something else.
Yeah, we talked about something else for about an hour.
My problem was solved in three minutes, and then for one hour, we're talking about something else.
Oh, I must be noon.
Why should I even know the voice?
So you send a text, say, hello, they say, who is this?
To whom?
To Amai.
Amai talking to.
So it must be known.
And it is a blessing.
It is a blessing to be known.
The blessing to be said.
Blessing to even have your pastor's number.
It's a blessing.
It's not a bother.
It's not a problem.
Don't block your pastor.
You won't block your ex-boyfriend.
You're blocking your pastor.
You won't block your former boyfriend, your former girlfriend.
You won't block them.
Even your ex-boyfriend's mother's number is still on your phone.
Even the mother.
And you are considering blocking your pastor's number.
Number four.
Number four, we're talking about signs of those who are not sheep.
That means the opposite applies.
Those who are sheep here, the voice, those who are sheep believe those who are sheep are known.
So those who are not sheep, they do not follow the shepherd.
They do not follow.
They don't follow.
I'll talk to you more about this point when we get into the blessings of the sheep.
They do not follow.
My sheep hear my voice.
I know them and they follow me.
In verse four of John chapter 10, verse four, he says that, and when he put us forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him, for they know his voice, for they know his voice.
Following is like following as synonymous with hearing the voice.
Is there not a column there?
Yes.
What's the meaning of a column?
That is to say or explain.
Take your time.
She's an authority in English.
Amen.
In English language, a colon is typically used to expand on a point.
So instead of using a comma or a full stock to separate the point, you use a colon to indicate that what you're saying is being expanded on in more depth.
So it's like, instead of going on and on and explain that my sheep follow, it means that when I take a step, they take a step.
When I turn right, they explain it to understand follow.
They just say, call on.
They know my voice.
That's all it means.
If you know the voice, you follow.
Yes.
If you know the voice, you are told, come, you come.
If you know the voice,
There's no mystery about it.
It's as clear as daylight.
That those who don't listen, don't hear the voice, don't follow this.
And they don't follow it because they don't know the voice.
They don't know the voice.
Like God said, like the Bible said, in vain, in vain will you say that you worship me, in vain.
It's like, it's a useless thing.
You just use your lips to say something, but your heart is far.
In vain do they say that they worship me.
Their hearts are far from me, far, far.
You'll see they're in the church but they don't believe in anything.
They can't, they can't, they can't wait for the end of the day to have, to have smaller gatherings, to criticize and to talk and to bear mind, to complain.
How can your eyes only see problems when you go to a place?
How, how will you flourish there?
How?
How can you have a good relationship with somebody that your eyes only sees problems?
They say, her eyes are too big.
Her mouth smells.
Her legs are too long.
I mean, and you are saying that, you are saying that.
And you will leave her too.
You are with her.
And you only see problems.
Eva, I'm your counselor.
I'll only say two words.
Leave her.
Yes.
I'll only say two words.
Leave her.
There'll be someone who will adore her, someone who will worship her, who really, I mean, someone who will really, really, really adore her.
Who will really like her long legs and her puffy eyes.
You don't like.
complaining, talking.
In the church, you don't like the church.
Others like the church.
People like the church.
They like it.
They enjoy.
They look forward to the look.
Even as they are in church on Sunday, they are looking forward to next Sunday.
These people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and anereth me with their lips, but their heart is far from me."
So they don't follow the shepherd.
Five, they easily leave the church.
Those who are not sheep easily leave the church.
It doesn't take much effort or difficulty.
It's very easy for them to leave.
Like I've left.
And church leaders are always church leaders to correct that problem in them.
Yeah.
It's like people who can't settle down.
Because they can't settle down.
I'm talking about relations.
They can't settle in a relationship.
They see problems and they leave.
See a problem and then they leave.
They keep moving.
That person has a problem.
Because everybody cannot be bad and you are the only righteous one.
It's not possible.
It's not possible that all girls are bad.
I mean, it's not possible.
Or all guys are bad.
It's not possible.
Anyway, they easily leave the church.
John 10 verse 28.
And I give unto them eternal life.
And they shall never perish.
Neither shall any man plug them out of my hand.
My father, which gave them me, is greater than all.
And no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand.
So when you are easily plucked out of the church, it means you are not a sheep.
We are reading the same chapter.
He's talking about sheep.
Sheep shepherd, sheep shepherd.
He said there's no way that they can be plucked out of my hand.
They can't be plucked out of the church.
because they are sheep.
When they are not sheep, it's very easy to pluck them out.
Now you see.
It's a movie, isn't it?
Now you see me, isn't it?
You've seen it, isn't it?
Yes.
Now you see me.
Now you see me, yes.
Is that what it's called?
Now you see me.
Now you see me, yes.
Like you see me here, if I realize stuff.
disappeared.
You don't see me again.
No, you see me.
It shall be impossible for you to be plucked out.
Amen.
Yes.
It should be easy for you to get plucked out.
Ask for offenses.
Don't be offenses.
Come on.
Who is promising you that there will be no effort?
Don't be offenses.
Why should why shouldn't there be?
I will know human beings.
Are you an
So don't be offended, don't be offended.
You've also offended me before.
You've also offended me, but I'm here.
Yes.
Oh, Maria, you haven't offended me before.
But we are here.
We are in it together, isn't it?
We are still in it.
You still sing.
We still smile at each other.
But you've done it.
And I'm sure I've also offended you before.
the only person the only person you can't offend or you haven't offended someone who is very far from you and if you offend a very far person that means that that person really has problems because I don't even know you how can you be offended I don't even know you
Are we growing up?
Are we maturing?
Are we learning?
In any family there are problems.
Is your family perfect?
Is your family, is it perfect?
Is your family straight and smooth and perfect?
But you are still in it, are you not there?
That's it, that's our churches.
That's our churches.
It's a family.
Sometimes there are issues.
Sometimes there are no issues.
Sometimes the issue is about you.
Sometimes it's about your brothers and sisters, isn't it?
So you see all the children are being blasted because it's one person who has done something.
It's like the rest, you haven't done anything.
You are wondering what have I done?
What have I done?
How many of you have experienced that in your house before?
Yes.
Everyone is being told off.
You are wondering what I have done everything I have to do.
Because of you, we all can sleep.
I'm saying that
the issues, offenses, they are normal.
They are normal.
It's not something that should make you placable.
Placable.
Because you don't like something.
You can't be placable.
So make yourself easily placable.
Hey.
You've been, where are you?
You've been plucked out.
Plucked where?
Plucked where and by who?
Who is a
Are you an apple that has been plucked from a tree?
Because there are spirits that go sheep-plucking.
You will not be plucked.
Amen!
You are not pluckable.
Every spirit that is trying to pluck you
out of the church is cast today in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
But the sign is when you see when you see pluckable sheep, pluckable members, it means there are no sheep.
Sheep are not pluckable.
You can't pluck them.
I've told you I've been here for 30 years.
Who is coming to pluck me?
Who can pluck me?
Pluck me where?
Where?
Where
I declare you are not placable.
Oh, actually that was the last sign.
Yes.
Yeah.
So we had one point.
That's a point for today.
That's our one point.
So you will not be placable.
My father, which gave them me, is greater than all.
and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hands.
You should not be plucked out of Christianity.
Amen.
Don't be plucked out of the faith.
You are considering another faith.
I mean, what?
Are you born again?
I mean, are you born again?
That's my first question.
Are you born again?
Did you finish new believer school?
They cannot be plucked out of the Father's hands.
You've been sealed by the blood of Jesus.
God bless you.
Stand to your feet and pray for yourself.
Thank you.
I think you want to pray for yourself.
You want to pray for yourself that you be a sheep.
be a sheep.
As the Bible describes it, you become, you be stable, you be fruitful, you be known, you will prosper, you will do well.
Pray for yourself.
Pray.
So those are the back, pray.
Pray for yourself.
Pray.
Don't wonder, don't chat.
don't get distracted pray for yourself pray for the Holy Spirit that He will help you will establish you pray talk to God about yourself cast any temptation cast anything that is trying to plaque you or to affect you as a sheep even in this church and in the faith
as a Christian pray for yourself that no I shall not be blown away I shall not be taken away pray speak to him he's listening he can hear you he can hear you give yourself to him give yourself to him
Pray to God.
Save me, O God.
Save me, O Lord.
Ah, talabadi bashaba kapalabadi bakapalabatapa satalabahata.
Khebo shabilei daliyadah, daliyadah, daliyadah, daliyadah.
Daliyadah, daliyadah.
pray that your ears will be blessed to hear the voice to hear the blessed voice to hear the blessed voice the blessed voice of God in your life
Pray.
Pray that you hear the blessed voice of God.
The blessed voice of God.
The voice The voice The word from behind me saying This is the way This is the way This is the way Walking it Walking it This is the way Walking it This is what you should do This is what you must not do This is what you must continue doing
Pray that your ears shall hear.
You will hear.
Pray that you will believe.
You will believe.
You will not rebel.
Believe that you may become.
Believe.
Pray when you are told.
Finish your
when you are told there's a calling believe so that you can enter into the prosperity of your calling pray
Keep talking to God about your life.
Your ways.
Your calling.
Parima.
Jesus and thank you
Lord over this gathering.
Be Lord over this congregation.
Jesus being thrown.
Be Lord.
Be Lord in this place and in this gathering.
Rule reign.
Thank you Father for the blessing of hearing your word and the blessing of your word today.
Make us wise sheep Lord.
Make us wise sheep by your spirit.
Make us
Why is sheep, oh God?
Cause us, oh God, to be wise and not to be foolish and not to be simple minded but make us wise, oh God.
Let us believe and know and learn to become sheep, Lord.
Thank you for that wisdom.
Thank you for that blessing.
Now, oh God, I pray for your people.
Give them the strength and the grace and the conviction to be obedient.
Be obedient to your word.
To your word alone.
To be obedient.
To be shielded.
To be lovers of your word Lord.
Help them Lord.
And bless us Lord.
With the spirit of obedience.
In Jesus' name.
Now, while every eyes closed and every head is bowed, I want to pray for you especially.
Those of you who are here for the first time, somebody invited you here for the first time, or probably you've been coming to church for a while now, but deep in your heart, you know, you are not saved.
You are not born again.
If you are to drop dead today, whatever the cost may be, you are not sure whether you will make it to heaven or hell.
Today, you want to say that pastor,
Please pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
I want to be saved.
I want my sins to be forgiven and my sins to be wiped away.
Now, this afternoon, as if you're here, while every eye is closed and every head is bound.
You want to say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
Very quickly, just lift up your right hand wherever you are and I pray with you.
God bless you.
Just your right hand.
Lift up high so I can pray with you.
High.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
I want Jesus in my life.
I want him.
I need him.
He's agent.
He's an emergency.
I need him now in my life.
Just your right hand.
I'll pray with you.
God bless you.
I can see all your hands.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
I'm coming back to Jesus.
Maybe even be saved or being in check but you know they are far from him.
You want to come to Jesus.
Just your right hand.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need this Jesus.
I want him.
God bless you.
I can see all your hands all over the place.
All over the place.
Maybe you have not even lifted up your hand and you want to give your life to Jesus.
Together with those who have lifted up their hands, not give their life to Jesus.
Come to me right here in the front.
Come out of your seats.
Come.
You lifted up your hand.
or you didn't lift up your hand but you know you need Jesus come very quickly come Jesus Jesus is drawing you Jesus wants you come come from wherever you are it doesn't matter if you didn't lift up your hand still come come yes
Thank you Jesus.
I'm waiting for you.
Come to Jesus today.
Come to Jesus.
You are coming to Jesus.
For salvation.
Not for a new job.
Not for money.
Not for a new boyfriend.
Not for a new girlfriend.
For salvation.
So that you will be saved.
So that you will not go to hell.
So that your sins will be washed away.
Not for first class.
Not for two ones.
For salvation.
Salvation.
Come to Jesus.
There is room.
Yes.
I'm waiting for you one more.
Come to Jesus today.
Don't delay.
Come quickly.
Come.
Come to Jesus.
Now let's all bow our heads and close our eyes and say this prayer.
Say this prayer meaningfully.
I'm going to lead you to say the prayer but say it meaningfully from the bottom of your heart.
Say Lord Jesus.
Thank you for salvation.
Thank you for dying on the cross for my sins.
Thank you for shedding your blood to wash away my sins.
say, Lord Jesus, please come into my heart.
Please come into my life.
I am a sinner.
I've made many mistakes.
Please forgive me and come into my life.
Say, Heavenly Father, please write my name in the book of life.
Now say, thank you, Father.
for accepting me just as I am and making me a child of yours.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
Father, pray for these wonderful people.
Bless them in your house.
May they develop roots, deep roots in the faith of Christianity, Lord, that they will serve you
and show forth your glory.
Bless them, O God.
Help them, O God.
And establish them, Lord.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
God bless you.
Receive these books that we have.
It's a free gift for you.
Jesus loves you.
God blesses all of you with the books at the close of service.
Come right here where they are waving.
Right here.
We'll talk to you briefly before you go home.
So please, as soon as we share the grace as the end of the service, make your way to the side.
Can you wave again?
Right here.
Come and sit here.
We'll talk to you briefly.
And then you go home.
God bless you.
Jesus loves you.
God loves you.
God really likes you.
He really likes you.
That's why you are here.
And that's why you are in the front because he really likes you.
He really cares about you.
So see you at the close of service.
God bless you.
May God bless you.
God bless
Are you happy to receive communion today?
Okay.
Sit down while I read a couple of verses to you.
And then whilst they serve, serve quickly, serve us, be quickly, be fast, be quick, be sharp, speedy, speedo, speedada.
Share, move quickly, move fast, move quick.
To just receive the communion, I want to read from Psalm 91 to us.
That we make a special prayer against every disease.
Coronavirus.
COVID-19.
We block that spirit by the blood of Jesus.
Here, the scripture says that he that dwelleth in the secret place of the Most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
Will you run into the secret place of the Most High?
You must have a very intimate relationship with God, you know, to abide in the secret place.
Yeah.
You have secret relationships.
the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the even the shadow of the Almighty is a covering.
The shadow.
You see, I can see my shadow here.
The shadow if you can be if you can be under the shadow that is he can cast his shadow on you.
It's a covering.
Verse
I will say of the Lord.
This must be your confession and your testimony and your prayer.
I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge and my fortress.
My God in him will I trust.
He's my refuge.
When I run to him, I'm safe.
Refuge, refuge, refugee means they have fled from a place where there is danger to seek refuge.
That's what they're called refugee.
where they are is safer from where they are running from.
The lord shall be a refuge to you from every disease, from every sickness, from every problem.
Amen.
He shall be a fortress.
Verse three.
Surely.
No
Definitely.
He shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler and from the noisome pestilence.
Noisome pestilence.
That disease that is terrorizing everybody.
He shall deliver thee.
Do you believe in the Bible?
You believe in shepherd.
You believe in sheep.
You have to believe in this one.
You can't believe in this one.
Say you don't believe in shepherd sheep.
This is God.
The same Bible that I'm reading.
The same Bible.
Hmm.
Same Bible.
He shall deliver thee from the noisome pestilence.
Verse 4.
He shall cover thee with his feathers.
And under his wings shall thou trust his truth
shall be thy shield and thy buckler.
May we have protection from every evil intended against our generation.
Amen.
Every evil may we be protected by the mighty wings and the feathers of our lord.
Yes.
Verse five, thou shall not be afraid for the terror by night
nor for the arrow that flyeth by day.
Every fear is banished from your life.
First sex.
Today, as I was sitting on the train, some people came to sit next to me.
I don't want to say who they were.
You will say that I'm something, something, something.
But I will say to myself, why?
Why have you chosen me?
of all these chairs on the tree.
Why are you choosing me?
Then I remembered verse five.
I remembered verse five.
I shall not be afraid for the arrow that flyeth by day.
It doesn't mean you shouldn't wash your hands.
You see, when you believe, you become wise.
You don't become a fool.
You become wise when you believe.
When you believe, you become wise.
That's why you will know people by their foods.
That this person is not believing.
So the person is becoming a fool.
of the person becoming more of a simple minded person.
Simple minded means that they think everything is linear.
Everything is y is equal to mx plus c. But y is not always mx plus c. Sometimes there are square roots b squared minus four something something something something something over something something something plus a minus something something something something.
Very complex.
It gets complex.
It gets complex with the behavior of the care.
Every line is not straight.
Different ways.
When it's done, the behavior changes.
The solution is different.
Yes.
I'm not afraid, but I wrote that flyer, but they saw.
No.
Waste them.
When you are believing, you become wise.
You get home, have your bath, have your shower, whatever clothes you are wearing, put them in a laundry basket.
If you don't have one, create one and put it in.
Take your last Amazon delivery box, ask your laundry basket and put your clothes in.
And tomorrow order a laundry basket into your room.
And wash your hands.
When you see people washing their hands and say, hey, your melee has come.
This is your melee, your melee.
You say, hey, well, stop.
Stop playing with temperaments.
Everything is your melee.
Colleague, that's why you wash your hands.
First sex.
It's still a sin that you not be afraid.
You not be afraid for the pestilent that worketh in darkness.
not the destruction that wasted at noon day.
You see, there are things, there are things that come into the world and can waste lives, can destroy lives.
But we have our protection in the Bible.
May God be your preserver.
Amen.
The seven.
A thousand shall fall at thy side.
and ten thousand at thy right hand.
But it shall not.
It shall not.
Do you believe it?
Come nigh thee.
It shall not.
May this prophecy be fulfilled in your life today.
May this prophecy be fulfilled in your life in this season.
In this season of
diseases and sicknesses.
May this prophecy become your portion in this church.
A thousand shall fall at thy side.
And even ten thousand at thy right hand.
But none shall come.
Stand to your feet.
Lift up your communion in prayer.
Pray that by the blood of
by the blood of Jesus and by the body of Christ by he who lived and died and resurrected on the third day shedding his blood his body being broken for a sickness and diseases and for cases by him by him therefore we shall live by him therefore we shall survive by him therefore we shall experience extension of days and extension of years by him
by him.
By him.
A thousand shall fall by our side.
And ten thousand by our right hand.
But none shall come nigh unto thee.
Father, I bless every cup.
I bless every bread.
And I declare, this is the body of
By the name of Jesus, death is canceled from this congregation.
By the name of Jesus, terminal diseases are canceled from this congregation.
By the name of Jesus, coronavirus is canceled from our mess in the name of Jesus.
By the name of Jesus,
Every spirit, every wandering spirit, stray spirit, sent spirits to take lives, to destroy lives.
We bind and forbid it from entering into our midst.
Father, may our covering be the blood of Jesus.
May our lives be preserved by the body of Christ, O God.
Give us days.
to give us years of health, strength, lord.
Calls us to escape the noisome pestilence.
Calls us to go to escape.
Preserve us.
Preserve our families.
Preserve our loved ones.
Preserve our friends.
Even they that are not here today but are part of us.
Preserve them oh god.
for life that we shall live and not die.
Amen.
In Jesus' name.
The body of Christ.
Everybody, the body of Christ.
Eat it.
The blood of
of it.
Close your eyes and thank God for life.
Thank him for deliverance.
Thank him for his blessing.
Thank him.
Put your faith in him.
Our faith is in God.
Our trust is in God.
That he will keep us.
He
He will save us.
Save us Lord.
Thank you Lord in Jesus name.
Amen.
God bless you, take your seats.
What a powerful service we've had here today in First Love Church London.
I'm sure that you can agree that today's service has been powerful, blessed, exciting and life-changing.
Our lives will never be the same after we've heard such a powerful message like this one and I'm so excited for the week ahead of us as this message will surely encourage us as we continue on in our Christian walk.
If you'd like to listen to this message again, head on over to our Facebook page, search for First Love Church London and head on over to the video section where you can relive this whole life service one more time.
Also subscribe to the First Love Church UK podcast on Android and on Apple devices so that you can listen to this message and all other messages preached by our very own pastor, Bishop Richard Iey.
The Bible says that faith comes by hearing and hearing by the Word of God in Romans 10, 17.
So as you continue to continue to listen to preaching and listening to the Word of God, your life will surely be blessed and transformed.
Join us next week for another powerful service.
Keep a look out on social media for locations
details.
I can't wait to see you there.
Have a very blessed week.